[FIX] Remove mentions of sourcedata in the datatype specific pages (#1737)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/modality-specific-files/intracranial-electroencephalography.md

added advantage over the existing formats and should have wide adoption in the
BIDS community.

> We encourage users to provide additional meta information extracted
> from the manufacturer-specific data files in the sidecar JSON file.

Reviewer: Just being consistent.

```suggestion
We encourage users to provide additional metadata extracted from the
manufacturer-specific data files in the sidecar JSON file.
```
